In this video I'll demonstrate how to create a software.
I scuzz the initiator connection from your ESX host to a storage array.
So here we can see if we look at my ESX I host it we're looking at my host and we've clicked on configure
and storage adapters you can see a number of storage adapters here one of which is the eye scuzzy software
adapter.
If you don't have one of these on your host Currently you can just click this little green plus button
and it's greyed out for me.
That's because I've already created it.
Basically you just had that plus button and cradle software ice Kaze adapter and this will appear right.
Initially it's not really providing you with anything.
Right we can see we've got a software adapter here.
There are no devices listed them right.
So.
So the goal here is to connect to an ICE Gazi storage device and to see a list of Lund's presented here
on this device list.
And we can then use those Lund's to create data stores.
So in order to do that I need to configure a dynamic discovery.
I need to set up my host and tell it some information about the storage array so that it can query the
storage array.
So that's what I'm going to do right now.
I'm going to put in the IP address of my eyes because the storage device and I'm going to go ahead and
hit OK here and what it's going to tell me is that now a rescan of this storage adapter is recommended.
Right now I've just created a new storage adapter so it wants to do a rescan and what a rescanned is
basically it's your host reaching out to the storage array and finding out which ones are available.
All right so let's go ahead and do that.
Let's hit this button right here we're going to run a rescan and hopefully we'll see some Lund's appear
down in this device's area.
And there they are.
Right so now we've got Lund's available.
So just to kind of reiterate real quickly here we created a software I scuzzy storage adapter we configured
in with dynamic discovery and dynamic discovery allows my ESX host to reach out to this storage array
and query it and when it does querido after we perform a rescan the storage rate will return a list
of all of the loans that has available.
We can now utilize these the ones to create a data store and that's going to be the next step in our
process here is to go ahead and create a VM EF-S data store.